qooxdoo is a comprehensive and innovative Ajax application
framework. Leveraging object-oriented JavaScript allows developers to
build impressive cross-browser applications. No HTML, CSS nor DOM
knowledge is needed.

It includes a platform-independent development tool chain, a
state-of-the-art GUI toolkit and an advanced client-server
communication layer.


License

qooxdoo may be used under the terms of either the GNU Lesser General
Public License (LGPL) or the Eclipse Public License (EPL). As a
recipient of qooxdoo, you may choose which license to receive the code
under.

Please make sure you understand the dual license of qooxdoo and the
rights and obligations that come with it. See the top-level LICENSE
file for more details.


Framework

qooxdoo is entirely class-based and tries to leverage the features of
object-oriented JavaScript. It is fully based on namespaces and does
not extend native JavaScript types to allow for easy integration with
other libraries and existing user code. Most modern browsers are
supported (e.g. Firefox, Internet Explorer, Opera, WebKit/Safari) and
it is free of memory leaks. It comes with a comprehensive API
reference, that is auto-generated from Javadoc-like comments and from
the syntax tree representing the code. The fast and complete
JavaScript parser not only allows doc generation, but is an integral
part of the automatic build process that makes optimizing,
compressing, linking and deployment of custom applications very
user-friendly. Internationalization and localization of applications
for various countries and languages is a core feature and easy to
use. more ...

Read more about framework features:
http://qooxdoo.org/about/framework


GUI Toolkit

Despite being a pure JavaScript framework, qooxdoo is quite on par
with GUI toolkits like Qt or SWT when it comes to advanced yet easy to
implement user interfaces. It offers a full-blown set of widgets that
are hardly distinguishable from elements of native desktop
applications. Full built-in support for keyboard navigation, focus and
tab handling and drag & drop is provided. Dimensions can be specified
as static, auto-sizing, stretching, percentage, weighted flex or
min/max or even as combinations of those. All widgets are based on
powerful and flexible layout managers which are a key to many of the
advanced layout capabilities. Interface description is done
programmatically in JavaScript for maximum performance.

No HTML has to be used and augmented to define the interface. The
qooxdoo user does not even have to know CSS to style the
interface. Clean and easy-to-configure themes for appearance, colors,
borders, fonts and icons allow for a full-fledged styling that even
supports runtime switching.


AJAX

While being a client-side and server-agnostic solution, the qooxdoo
project does include complete implementations of RPC servers
(currently Java, PHP, Perl) to demonstrate some of its advanced
client-server communcation. An abstract transport layer supports
queues, timeouts and implementations via XMLHttpRequest, Iframes and
Scripts. Like the rest of qooxdoo it fully supports event-based
programming which greatly simplifies asynchronous communication.


Learn more

* Overview
  http://qooxdoo.org/about

* Release notes
  http://qooxdoo.org/about/release_notes

* User manual
  http://qooxdoo.org/documentation


Have fun!  ;-)
